Having Cloud Code and being able to use
Cloud Code in my work, it almost feels
like having this superpower and this
ability [music]
to send off a sidekick to go take the
time, go figure it out, come back,
report back. One of the reactions I get
very [music] often is like, "Holy snap,
you're living in the future."
When I first joined Anthropic, I joined
a team that was working on code
execution and file generation [music]
within cloud.ai. So, this is essentially
giving Cloud a computer and the ability
to generate files, which include Excel
files.
And [music] we had a deadline. We're
trying to get this out in a month and a
half. I was able to use Cloud Code to
get my groundings in the codebase. I'm
primarily a back-end engineer. This is a
front-end. In times past, it'd take me a
long time to onboard onto the codebase.
One of the coolest things about Cloud
Code so far in my work was when I
realized I could hook it up to the
Playwright MCP.
Let me show you how I implemented the
Excel rendering feature using Cloud
Code. Firstly, entering my prompt, I
need you to implement the Excel renderer
feature for cloud.ai. Read the Excel
renderer design.md, which is [music] the
design doc that contains the spec. Use
the Playwright MCP.
The feature should allow a user to
preview Excel, CSV, [music] and TSV
files. So, now Cloud Code is reading the
codebase, starting the cloud.ai app
using the Playwright MCP. And you can
see here, it does this to get a accurate
read of what the feature looks like
without it being implemented yet. And
now you can see the previewer is not
actually implemented. And now that it's
ready to actually start implementing
code, it asked me for permission to make
changes to those files. I will accept
that.
And now Cloud will run off in this
[music] loop with Playwright and
continue making changes, validating
them,
>> [music]
>> and iterating on on that. There we go.
We have the summary of all the changes
Cloud Code made, and [music] it is ready
for me to review the code. I still get
to do what I love. I still get to write
code. I still get to build things. I can
focus on like writing code from scratch
if I wanted to, but now I can think
about like, "Hey, how does the broader
system come together?" And now I can
focus more on like the higher-level
[music] decisions related to that. So,
it's like, "Okay, you've given me the
data I need. Now I can think about the
strategy. I can think about like, what
trade-offs [music] do we need to make
with this information? I can think about
how this fits in with other teams, and
then figure out the more human aspects
of the work we need to get done.
All right. It's absolutely ridiculous.
It really is. It's
it's kind of mind-blowing. Cloud Code
has
>> [music]
>> helped me dream bigger. I thought like I
was always limited by [music] what
programming languages I'm proficient at.
It's just opened up
>> [music]
>> sort of a whole lot of possibilities of
things you can get done.